501 - Fix axis hide line with bubble chart (#3668)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.28.0 Fixes

> - `[Bubble Chart]` Fixed an issue where axis line was not able to be hide. ([#501](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/501))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Bubble Chart]` Fixed an issue where an extra axis line was shown when using the domain formatter. ([#501](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/501))
```
